We're just a Google outage away from an IT shortage.
Never spend 6 minutes doing something by hand when you can spend 6 hours failing to automate it.
https://xkcd.com/1319/
https://xkcd.com/1205/
The "S" in IoT stands for Security.
We'll cross that bridge when it's on fire.
We'll burn that bridge when we get to it.
Kill that bird with two stones.
If everything is on fire when you get to work, use fire to make coffee, then troubleshoot.
Fast, Good, Cheap. Pick two - https://fastgood.cheap/
It's a layer-8 issue.
Everyone has a test environment. A few of us are lucky enough to also have production environments.
"Provocative maintenance" - when the preventative maintenance causes the very outage you were trying to avoid.
"Percussive maintenance", smacking the side of the PC to get it to work.
There's no test like Production.
Users lie.
Equipment that can't perform up to specs is replaced. Equipment that won't perform up to specs is abused until it will, or it can't.
There's nothing as permanent as a temporary solution.
"High impedance air gap" - When something is unplugged
DevOops
A fool with a tool is still a fool.
Not my circus. Not my monkeys.
The first 80% takes 80% of the time. The final 20% takes the other 80% of the time.
"Please do the needful."
A failure to plan on your part does not equate an emergency on my part.
It worked once under optimum conditions, time for production.
RTFM - read the f***ing manual.
Just 'coz you can, don't mean you should.
Jesus saves; and makes incremental backups.
Is it definitely plugged in?
If you make something idiot proof, they just build a better idiot.
It's always DNS.
https://isitdns.com
It's always DNS, except when it isn't.
"Hold on to your butts!"
https://butt.holdings
No good deed goes unpunished.
It's a keyboard actuator issue.
Read-only Friday.
https://isitreadonlyfriday.com/
I don't do miracles the same way jesus doesn't do IT
"Meatware"; Usage: "Was the problem caused by hardware or software?" "Neither, it was the meatware."
If it ain't broke, fix it till it is.
https://img.ifunny.co/images/6e6bce5b2e1a47bd44d458f15aa01b54f20890af848f2abac74c258a9c18ef40_1.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/S0I2y2K.png
https://i.imgur.com/2bY9hT4.jpg
ID10T error
PEBKAC - Problem Exists Between Keyboard And Chair.
Can't fix stupid.
It was a Code18. Meaning: Issue is 18" away from the monitor. 
PICNIC - Problem In Chair, Not In Computer!
You don't trip over boulders, but pebbles will kill you.
'Should' is a dangerous word.
Don't F*** With It Friday!
It's not a crash, it's a dynamically scheduled maintenance opportunity.
My magic is not black enough for what you are asking.
What is it? Its a BOFM. Box of F**king Magic. 
"Core application XYZ is run on IIS, SQL and PFM" (pure f***ing magic).
Rebootion is the solution.
Works on my machine.
We're not happy until you're not happy.
Java, write once, run scared!
I had a problem, so I thought, "I'll use Java!". Now I have a ProblemFactory.
This isn't burger king, you can't have it your way.
TRS: Technician Radius Syndrome. The closer I get to an issue more likely it is to be resolved before I even get there.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pauli_effect
Wishful planning: Any plan that assumes each part of the plan will go exactly as planned.
Linux is user-friendly, it's just very picky about its friends.
I work on Windows. My toolbox is Linux.
Friends don't let friends run Windows.
I can't do any of this until it is written down.
It's working for me, the problem must be at your end.
Worked in Dev, Ops problem now!
"Just give the the credentials to your public DNS, we will add the records for you!" 
Woah, woah, woah. Are you trying to tell me that there's more to being a 'cloud engineer' than spewing buzzwords like the turboencabulator?
Nobody gives a shit about your data except you. Plan accordingly.
Nothing's impossible to the person who doesn't have to do the work.
Prioritize. Plan. Execute.
If you need to let a tree burn to save the forest, you let that tree burn.
First time you volunteer. Second time it's expected.
If you want immediate feedback, always make changes in production.
When you try to teach them to fish, they become upset, because you are very clearly communicating to them that you will not be handing them a fish every day.
This place is like a whore house. The better you are at your job, the more you get fucked!
The four D's of IT: Deny, Deflect, Defend, Dismiss
"Why do things right when you can do them now"
"That's why it's a project plan not a project thought"
The reward for hard work, is more hard work.
It is more complicated than you think.
For all resources, whatever it is, you need more.
One size never fits all.
It's not DNS. There's no way it's DNS. It was DNS.
Kings Law: "A sysadmin either works smart or constantly."
"Repeat after me: email is not instant messenger."
"In theory there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice there is."
If the client well and truly wants to shoot themselves in the foot sometimes you just have to hand them the gun.
Perfect is the enemy of done.
Better is the enemy of good enough.
Maybe one day I'll suffer enough brain damage to become management.
"If it has a wire, it's IT" - Your average user.
Always remember the 6 Ps: Proper Preparation Prevents Piss-Poor Performance.
Weeks of programming can save you hours of planning.
Pay special attention to what you cannot make backups of. 
I'll take that with a grain of salt... and a shot of tequila with a lime.
Datacenters are like nursing homes. When you turn out the lights, you can't really expect everyone to wake up in the morning.
"The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem" - Captain Jack Sparrow
"There's never enough time to do it right, but there's always enough time to do it over."
Good judgement comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgement.
"Security and convenience rarely walk hand-in-hand"
People lie, numbers don't. 